Add AML-Dashboard documentation (#12)
eProsima-Private/AML-Tools: docs/rst/amldashboard/use_cases/use_cases.rst

.. include:: /rst/exports/alias.include
.. include:: /rst/exports/roles.include

.. _amldashboard_use_cases:

#########
Use Cases
#########

> *AML Dashboard* addresses two primary use cases, catering to different audiences and purposes: creative professionals exploring sound variations and computer scientists exploring and developing new applications using |aml|.

Reviewer: I think it would be a good idea to expand on why this is useful for the target audiences.

> 

Reviewer: Please add reference:

```
.. _aml_sound_exploration:
```

Exploring Sound Variations with *AML Dashboard*
===========================================

Emilie is a musician who uses *AML Dashboard* to experiment with different instruments and create new sound patterns for an upcoming project.
She uses the camera to record her hand gestures, which are projected as a skeleton on the screen.

> By selecting different instruments from a drop-down menu, she records gestures such as guitar strumming, piano key presses, and drum movements.

Reviewer: As of now there is no drop-down menu for selecting different instruments. Please review this part either to mention that there will be an implementation in the future, or consequently, create the drop-down menu.

Author: I think it would be sufficient to add a note or a warning indicating that the implementation is a work in progress.

Steps Emilie follows:

1. **Gesture Recording**: She moves her hands in front of the camera and records gestures for different instruments.

2. **Model Training**: She selects ``train`` to use these gestures to generate sound patterns, and a loading bar shows the training progress.

> 

Reviewer: I would rewrite this stating that:
```suggestion
She trains an AML model using the recorded gestures to generate sound patterns.
```
I would remove: 
```suggestion
and a loading bar shows the training progress.
```

Author: I agree with the rewrite. However, I would suggest keeping the mention of the loading bar as it provides valuable feedback to users about the training progress.

3. **Sound Manipulation**: Emilie tests the system by repeating the gestures and listening to the sounds.
   The system allows her to manipulate tempo, pitch, and volume by varying her hand movements.

> 4. **Refinement**: Noticing difficulties with her piano gesture, she returns to the training page, deletes the problematic images, records new gestures, and retrains the model to improve the sound quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Refinement**: Noticing difficulties with generated results, she returns to the training page, deletes the images with problematic gestures, records new ones, and retrains the model to improve the sound quality.
```

Exploring and Comparing the Potential of AML using *AML Dashboard*
=============================================================

Victor is a computer scientist exploring new machine learning approaches for his project.
He uses *AML Dashboard* to test and evaluate the potential of |aml| through a hands-on approach similar to Emilie's.

Steps Victor follows:

> 1. **Gesture Recording**: He uses the camera to record hand gestures for different musical instruments, selecting from a drop-down menu and pressing the ``record`` button.

Reviewer: Please rewrite this to something similar to:
```suggestion
1. **Gesture Recording**: He uses the camera to record hand gestures for different musical instruments, following the steps explained before (:ref:`_aml_sound_exploration` ).
```

Author: Since these are two separate use cases, I believe it's clearer to explain both scenarios fully rather than referring back to a previous section. Even if the steps are similar, providing the details in each context makes it easier for the user to follow along without needing to cross-reference.

.. include:: /rst/exports/alias.include
.. include:: /rst/exports/roles.include

.. _amldashboard_use_cases:

#########
Use Cases
#########

*AML Dashboard* addresses two primary use cases, catering to different audiences and purposes: creative professionals exploring sound variations in order to enhance creativity and create unique sound experiences; and computer scientists exploring and developing new applications using |aml| needing a practical tool to to asses the efficiency of the |aml| algorithm.

.. _aml_sound_exploration: 

Exploring Sound Variations with *AML Dashboard*
===============================================

.. warning::

>    The mentioned implementation is a work in progress and is not yet available in the current version of *AML Dashboard*.

Author: I will place the following warning at the beginning of the section to ensure it applies to both use cases mentioned

Reviewer: Done

Emilie is a musician who uses *AML Dashboard* to experiment with different instruments and create new sound patterns for an upcoming project.
She uses the camera to record her hand gestures, which are projected as a skeleton on the screen.
By selecting different instruments from a drop-down menu, she records gestures such as guitar strumming, piano key presses, and drum movements.

Steps Emilie follows:

1. **Gesture Recording**: She moves her hands in front of the camera and records gestures for different instruments.

2. **Model Training**: She trains an AML model using the recorded gestures to generate sound patterns, and the training progress is shown by a loading bar.

3. **Sound Manipulation**: Emilie tests the system by repeating the gestures and listening to the sounds.
   The system allows her to manipulate tempo, pitch, and volume by varying her hand movements.

4. **Refinement**: Noticing difficulties with the generated results, she returns to the training page, deletes the images with the problematic gestures, records new ones, and retrains the model to improve the sound quality.

> Exploring and Comparing the Potential of AML using *AML Dashboard*

Author: Add a reference to this use case

Reviewer: Done
